feat(pointcloud_preprocessor): support for 3d distortion correction algorithm and refactor distortion correction node (#7137)
autowarefoundation/autoware.universe: sensing/pointcloud_preprocessor/docs/distortion-corrector.md

## Purpose

> The `distortion_corrector` is a node that compensates for pointcloud distortion caused by the ego-vehicle's movement during 1 scan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `distortion_corrector` is a node that compensates for pointcloud distortion caused by the ego-vehicle's movement during one scan.
```

Since the LiDAR sensor scans by rotating an internal laser, the resulting point cloud will be distorted if the ego-vehicle moves during a single scan (as shown by the figure below). The node corrects this by interpolating sensor data using the odometry of the ego-vehicle.

## Inner-workings / Algorithms

> The node utilizes twist information (linear velocity and angular velocity) from the `~/input/twist` topic. If the user sets `use_imu` to true, the node will replace the twist's angular velocity with the angular velocity from IMU. Afterward, the node will undistort all of the points one by one based on the velocity information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The node utilizes twist information (linear velocity and angular velocity) from the `~/input/twist` topic. If the user sets `use_imu` to true, the node will replace the twist's angular velocity with the angular velocity from IMU. The node then moves every point in the pointcloud to compensate for the motion provided by the velocity information.
```

> The node utilizes twist information (linear velocity and angular velocity) from the `~/input/twist` topic. If the user sets `use_imu` to true, the node will replace the twist's angular velocity with the angular velocity from IMU. The node then moves every point in the pointcloud to compensate for the motion provided by the velocity information.

Reviewer 2: I don't think `moves every point` is a technical way to express this

Author: fixed the explanation in https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware.universe/pull/7137/commits/2aad8c080fd8b1463de9e9b215f9947f8e9674db

> The node also supports two different kinds of distortion methods: 2D distortion correction and 3D distortion correction. The main difference is that the 2D distortion corrector only utilizes the x-axis of linear velocity and the z-axis of angular velocity to correct the points. On the other hand, the 3D distortion corrector utilizes all linear and angular velocity components to correct the points.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The node also supports two different modes of distortion correction: 2D distortion correction and 3D distortion correction. The main difference is that the 2D distortion corrector only utilizes the x-axis of linear velocity and the z-axis of angular velocity to correct the point positions. On the other hand, the 3D distortion corrector utilizes all linear and angular velocity components to correct the point positions.
```

| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------- |
| `~/input/points` | `sensor_msgs::msg::PointCloud2`                  | Topic of the distorted pointcloud. |
| `~/input/twist`  | `geometry_msgs::msg::TwistWithCovarianceStamped` | Topic of the twist information.    |
| `~/input/imu`    | `sensor_msgs::msg::Imu`                          | Topic of the IMU data.             |

### Output

| Name              | Type                            | Description                         |
| ----------------- | ------------------------------- | ----------------------------------- |
| `~/output/points` | `sensor_msgs::msg::PointCloud2` | Topic of the undistorted pointcloud |

## Parameters

### Core Parameters

| Name                           | Type     | Default Value | Description                                                 |
| ------------------------------ | -------- | ------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------- |
| `timestamp_field_name`         | `string` | `time_stamp`  | Name of time stamp field.                                   |

> | `use_imu`                      | `bool`   | `true`        | Use gyroscope for yaw rate if true, else use vehicle status |

Reviewer 2: I think this description is outdated now

Author: Thanks, fixed in https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware.universe/pull/7137/commits/6d24eba7fc81b4605501d7d38bc401fb53e8716f

| `use_3d_distortion_correction` | `bool`   |               | Use 3d correction if true, otherwise use 2d correction      |

## Assumptions / Known limits

> - The node requires that time synchronization works well between the pointcloud, twist, and IMU.

Reviewer 2: `well` is a relative term. it is better just to state synchronization as a requirement

Author: Thanks, fixed in https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware.universe/pull/7137/commits/7d890acdb657e1f2799ab27e0de421d8e1ea8194

Reviewer 2: Grammar...

Author: fixed in https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware.universe/pull/7137/commits/51e96be55b4cd07b28240379f2694500eb1dc3dc
